<SCRIPT_ID:0>
Find the spaceship
within 6 minutes!
Good luck, Toki!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:1>
Find the spaceship
within 6 minutes!
Good luck, Gina!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:2>
Find the spaceship
within 6 minutes!
Good luck, Deva!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:3>
Find the spaceship
within 6 minutes!
Good luck, Paro!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:4>
Find the spaceship
within 6 minutes!
Good luck, Russell!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:1>
Wait a minute!
Is that Ganzilla?
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:0>
They have monsters
like that on Earth?
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:1>
Toki, at this rate, the
spaceship's in danger too.
  
Let's search for the ship
without getting attacked!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:0>
Wait, what's that?!
It's Ganzilla!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:1>
They have monsters
like that on Earth?
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:0>
Gina, at this rate, the
spaceship's in danger too.
  
Let's search for the ship
while avoiding Ganzilla!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:4>
Ha ha!
What a cute little
guy!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:2>
That's Ganzilla. It's a
monster. The spaceship
is in danger too.
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:4>
Deva, at this rate, the
spaceship's in danger too.
  
Let's search for the ship
while avoiding Ganzilla!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:2>
That's Ganzilla.
I read about him.
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:4>
Cute. They have monsters
like that on Earth?
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:2>
At this rate, the
spaceship's in danger too.
  
Let's search for the ship
while avoiding Ganzilla!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:2>
A spaceship!
Hey. That's Ganzilla.
I read about him.
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:4>
Ganzilla? Earth has
monsters like that?
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:2>
At this rate, the
spaceship's in danger too.
  
Let's search for the ship
while avoiding Ganzilla.
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:20>
Whew, that was close.
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:21>
That was a close
one!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:22>
Ha ha ha!
Is everyone OK?
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:23>
That was close!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:24>
That was close!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:25>
The spaceship!
You did it, Toki!
Now we can go home!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:26>
The spaceship!
You did it, Gina!
Now we can go home!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:27>
Ha ha! The spaceship!
Great job, Deva!
Now we can go home!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:28>
Fantastic, Paro!
You found the spaceship!
Now we can go home!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:29>
Amazing, Russell!
You found the spaceship!
Now we can go home!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:30>
Oh! I'm detecting
the spaceship's
signal nearby!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:31>
Oh! I'm detecting
the spaceship's
signal nearby!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:32>
Hey, I'm detecting
the spaceship's
signal nearby!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:33>
Hold on a sec. I'm
detecting the spaceship's
signal nearby!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<SCRIPT_ID:34>
Hold on a sec. I'm
detecting the spaceship's
signal nearby!
<SCRIPT_ID_END:>
<FILE_END:>